Congratulations, your project meets specifications!
I’ve enjoyed very much reviewing your project, you can be very proud of your good job!
Here you can find some extra stuff to get an even deeper knowledge on this area:

https://medium.com/@mohankarthik/path-planning-in-highways-for-an-autonomous-vehicle-242b91e6387d
http://wesscholar.wesleyan.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1856&context=etd_hon_theses
http://ais.informatik.uni-freiburg.de/teaching/ss10/robotics/slides/16-pathplanning.pdf
I hope you get them interesting!

Keep up the good job and stay udacious! :D

Compilation
Code must compile without errors with cmake and make.

Given that we've made CMakeLists.txt as general as possible, it's recommend that you do not change it unless you can guarantee that your changes will still compile on any platform.

Code compiles without errors, great job!

Valid Trajectories
The top right screen of the simulator shows the current/best miles driven without incident. Incidents include exceeding acceleration/jerk/speed, collision, and driving outside of the lanes. Each incident case is also listed below in more detail.

The car was not involved in any incident during the simulation. :)

The car doesn't drive faster than the speed limit. Also the car isn't driving much slower than speed limit unless obstructed by traffic.

The car does not drive faster than the required speed limit, it also maintains a good speed when not obstructed by traffic. Great!

The car does not exceed a total acceleration of 10 m/s^2 and a jerk of 10 m/s^3.

Acceleration and jerk limits where not overpassed during the simulation, great! :)

The car must not come into contact with any of the other cars on the road.

During a long simulation, the car does not hit other vehicles, great job here as well!

The car doesn't spend more than a 3 second length out side the lane lanes during changing lanes, and every other time the car stays inside one of the 3 lanes on the right hand side of the road.

Lane changes are performed within the allowed 3 seconds. Car only changes lane when required, maintaining the actual lane if not cars are present in the lane. Great job!

The car is able to smoothly change lanes when it makes sense to do so, such as when behind a slower moving car and an adjacent lane is clear of other traffic.

Lane changes are performed in a very smooth way and anticipated with enough time, avoiding that way risky situations. Very good job!

Screenshot 2019-11-29 at 06.50.23.png
Screenshot 2019-11-29 at 06.52.37.png
Screenshot 2019-11-29 at 06.53.14.png

Reflection
The code model for generating paths is described in detail. This can be part of the README or a separate doc labeled "Model Documentation".

Very good job including your discussion on how you’ve implemented the algorithm to generate the paths. :D